Addressing Claire's comments (#15)
NCAR/python-tutorial: source/tutorials/beginner.rst

In building your first Python script we will set up our workspace, read a
:code:`.txt` file, and learn git fundamentals.

> Open a regular or anaconda/miniconda terminal to begin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open a terminal application to begin (on Linux or Mac, open **Terminal**; on Windows, open **Anaconda Prompt**):
```

Author: I already edited this section based on your comment in the issue, so now the suggested change cannot be merged (but I feel it is redundant with my change -- adding this info as a note).
